update some feature lists for lack of watchOS support (#6370)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/docs/product/projects/index.mdx

- A snapshot of both errors and transactions
- The team and team members associated with each project (remember, projects can be associated to multiple teams, so a project may be listed more than once)

> - The percentage of crash free sessions (if you have configured [release health](/product/releases/health/)) (unavailable on watchOS; no Mach exception support on tvOS)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The percentage of crash free sessions (if you have configured [release health](/product/releases/health/)) (not available for watchOS; no Mach exception support on tvOS)
```
